Zander

Unrelated to work; I thought it through and am going to make a fresh DnD character for the next session. I'll run it by you in private because I think it'll be a fun small surprise for everyone.

The pitch:
Having seen a ghost, multiple fake ghosts, and almost dying twice, Jeoff was largely traumatized (but will never admit it) and is set on returning to his safe comfortable basement writing niche occult zines. My thought is that one or more of the party would attempt to go collect him for the continued adventure, and they all end up roped into having some freshy baked muffins. Introduce Jeoff's caretaker, Grandma Effy.
She quickly becomes concerned for the parties future well being (especially of Geff, who she's known since he was young) and is non-negotiably coming along to make sure everyone is taken care of, well fed, and treated largely like children.
I'm pretty sure I want to put her together as a Cleric.

==========

Ryk

In terms of what Ërenn is doing while time passes, he'll mostly be hanging out with the magical dragon in Guulgarden, learning about the mindset and philosophy of dragons, and all the lore, mysticism and history he can learn from it.

When it comes to the next motivation, this is what I was thinking of, now obviously let's see if it works for you and could match with what the others want too:
When he comes back from spending a couple of seasons with the dragon in Guulgarden, Ërenn is met with sad news. His home forest has been showing signs of decay/plague, and though the local elves have been doing their best to investigate the source of the problem, they have failed so far. Having finally mastered animal shape after centuries of trying, he is now part of a druid grove, yet the lowest ranking member among them, a perfect candidate for a tedious long journey to bring back a cranky old elf. They mission him with bringing back a famous hermitic druid who should be able to assist in finding out the cause of the plague that withers the forest. Only the road is long, full of dangers, and the druid in question is famed for being quite... opinionated about not wanting to be disturbed. The challenge will be to journey across long distances, gather enough information to locate the hermit and last but not least, convince him to come and help.

So motivation: he wants to find and convince the hermit to help with the forest problem.I was thinking he will likely first try to recruit fellow elves but be faced with the fact that the forest being in the state it is, they can't spare any extra hands right now and someone will eventually hint at "what about those people you met at Guulgarden?"
He will then try to figure out some way to make it attractive to them (without lying but with all the negotiation and convincing possible).

Dan

This is great, but the first thing I notice is you imagined a problem bigger than the party can solve and focused on recruiting strong ppl -- is this what you want?
I feel like a forest-decay-causing villain is easily in the scope of a 5th-level party

Ryk

I think what i was going for is a quest to distant lands + social interactions. And this problem felt like it could justify this.
But absolutely on board with the idea that we could probably take on this forest-decaying villain ourselves. I was just in the mood for exploration and socials I think so hadn't thought of the alternative :joy:

Dan

"distant lands" and "social interactions" are good. For social interactions, I think investigating the decay could be more fun?

Ryk

I like the regional-league villain concept :joy: fits the bill
>  For social interactions, I think investigating the decay could be more fun?
Absolutely on board with that :fire:
