erenn 1 yr downtime:
	hung out with axilarus
	meditated, found he was on the path to becoming a sacred tree
	perused the book
marcus 1 yr downtime:
	some gnomes move from newgarden to oldgarden
	marcus wants to fly to the moon
	as a paladin, marcus takes an oath of glory
	nickzo nackle believes in marcus, remind him to not get lost and come home again - doing good makes glory, glory doesn't make good
geff 1 yr downtime:
	wants to invent a personal flying machine for people that don't have the fly spell
	conversation with Ornold and Lolcolm
		But what are you doing _next_? That people will remember you for?
		You know, it's just great for you when you go outside and spread your wings a bit
jeoff 1 yr downtime:
	zines

Erenn gets crow-letter from sister Vibelta, mentioning forest decay in Merennora

Erenn gather the group
	Marcus first, 'cause they both in Oldgarden
		Marcus sees potential glory
	Geff second, in Gethbridge, by chance
		wants help picking between two spells: tiny hut and sending
			Erenn says sending
			Geff picks Tiny Hut
		upon hearing Erenn's quest, inspired to make a dish in Merennora
			gets Mozzarella
	Jeoff not answering his magic rock
	At Jeoff's (grandma's) place
		Jeoff don't want to go
		Grandma Effy wants to make sure Geff is safe

Take ferry to Windinwing
Hire sailors Kleeck and Alvin
	7 days to Merennora

Arrive at Merennora, aiming for Lightfoot (Erenn is Lightfoot)

greeted by Tidithinlith

talk to erenn sister
	explains the situation: forest is upset because elves have become mistrustful of each other
	lead: forest fire on border of Bowyer and Lightfoot territory, foul play suspected
	Geff offers Vibelta some Mozzarella
		Vibelta asks who made it
		Geff says he did
		Vibelta rolls 1 on insight
		Geff rolls 1 on deception
		both have +5
		Vibelta falls in love with Geff
	Vibelta invited to come along, and she agrees

at moonshadow
	in cave, during day
	6453.html  Bilain Guardir Moonshadow (M)            born: 2118 died: -    vocation: trader    
		theorizes a dish: "start with a cylinder, but not like you think. A really short one. Almost like a disc. It's bread. Then add cheese, in the same shape, on top. But it's missing something. Something in between the bread and the cheese."
		people are suspicious of Moonshadow because there's rumors of a werewolf, and everyone figures it's a Moonshadow. But it makes no sense, because Moonshadow are _most active_ at night and haven't seen anything
		informs them about trades with Drow (Moonshadow are not extractors)
	in observatory, at night
		6347.html  Acoglaze Lijum Moonshadow (F)            born: 2019 died: -    vocation: astronomer
		view lights-in-the-sky above Lake Pack Lake
	Marcus speaks with bats and learns that the bees are weird

Geff makes a Tiny Hut and Vibelta shares it. Only funny business is some morning cuddles.

Marcus speaks with bees, asks a complicated question
	bee loses count, gets lost, dies
	Effy revivifies the bee

Tracked down the site of the forest fire
	foul play confirmed
	Erenn turns into wolf to sniff
		detects half-elf scent
		Vibelta knows a Lightfoot with half-elf kids, Ivisthith
