I wanted to start a group at work. There's likeminded people and we're already often in the same spot at the same time.
I figured it'd be best to start with a series of one-shots to see what the group liked, before committing to something longer.
I had found that in lighter games like Honey Heist, it was easy to make strong character choices in the game, like sacrificing yourself or betraying the party.
So I wondered about a one-shot where the character is completed with the _completion_ of their arc held in mind, and the goal to make it happen in the single session.
As a twist, the DM would attempt to make all character completion arcs become fulfilled in the same moment (at the climax of the session).
Additionally, the DM can play with prophecy because they uniquely know how each character will complete their arc.

We created characters together to encourage strong connections between the characters.
I want each character to feel connected to the plot, but I find it tiresome to play that justification as session 1.
Rather, seems to fit better out-of-character at session 0.

===== session 0 =====
characters
	Marcus the Gnomish Rogue (Stephen Cashen)
	Eren the Elven Druid (Ryk Wolf)
	Geff the Charming Bard (Matthew Silverman)
	Zander the Paracurious Ranger (Zander Milroy)

relationships
	Geff and Zander are friends
	Zander read Eren's books, they met while Zander was looking for ghosts, Eren gives Zander a magic rock that Zander can call Eren with
	Marcus the Gnome frequents the human city and is also a friend of Geff and Zander

hook
	Marcus has been exiled from his garden and must go on a pilgrimage to be forgiven.
	He must enter the northern forest and find Oldgarden, the ancestral home of his people, and commune with the sacred spirit.
	He enlists the help of his friends, advertising oddities that are interesting to each.

===== session 1 =====
history of the forest
	magical leyline (like an active volcano)
	elves & dragons
	gnomes (build town, library, catacombs)
	beholder
	wizard's brother kills beholder

available rewards
	1d4 healing potions
	gold
	ring of poison resistance
	ring of shooting stars
	ring of water walking
	ring of x-ray vision
	in Oldgarden
		a book that answers questions
			players can ask llm questions

scenario chronology
	forest
		4 goblins at a campfire
			bone necklace
		old wizard
			cannot enter the garden because Xalatan's presence would drive him insane
			can bring down the barrier to let them in
			knows history of forest, and where to find the divine beast
			wants his brother's remains
				offers a bag of holding with a coffin inside
	abandoned town
		house mimic
			illusion of woman that invites them to eat, sleep for the night
	catacombs
		invisible giant spider
			cave-in caused big puddle in adjacent chamber, so spider can be "seen"
	cave
		3 eldritch elf trees
	lake
		lake dragon eats Marcus, Marcus becomes ghost
		Eren sees dragon, Eren shapeshifts into dragon and divines pattern of resurrection
			Eren can shapeshift -> can proceed beyond lvl 1
		zander sees a ghost
		Geff tattoos Marcus ghost with magic pattern & ink and revises him
