The World of Tarris

The year is is 1500 AO (After Occupation). This is the fantasy land of Tarris, the conquered land of dragons. 1500 years ago, mages from across the land gathered in a grand ceremony to connect to another plane, supposedly the plane of Ancestors, where ancient spirits lives. Some participated for religious reasons, some for power, others for political gain. Regardless of their motivations, none of them achieved their goals. Instead of connecting to the Ancestral Plane, the accidentally connected to the Draconian Plane.

Hundreds of dragons, drakes, and wyverns of all sizes and shapes poured into the rift, spreading chaos and destruction across the land. For 500 years, the various tribes of dragons fought over the bountiful resources of the plane - for food, land, wealth and slaves. Eventually however, even Dragons must use diplomacy. Their numbers had whittled down from the dozens to a handful of each color. What was initially completely tyrannical dictatorship became a semblance of government: republics, democracies, feudal systems. Borders were declared and solidified, alliances formed and set, and each land eventually settled upon their chosen/self-chosen draconian leaders. As of this day, the countries, capitals, and dragons are as follows:

Iagoth: Land of the Wealthy Dead
Capital: Evertomb
Dragon: Mothros
The entire country is a graveyard, all citizens are undead who once lived in another country. The magic of in Evertomb prevents undead from leaving Iagoth for long, but maintains the undead life for at least another 1/2 lifetime of their original lifespans. There are two types of undead - mindful undead, and mindless undead. There is an economy in mindless undead here. Hundreds of factories and labor camps exist across this land, where the mindless undead - maintained by minimal magic can perform menial labor for rich corporations in other places. The bodies of useless beings from other places are often sold to Iagoth for the purpose of labor. Equally there is an economy in mindful undead here as well. The rich and powerful pay huge sums of money to be reanimated here, to bath in the glory of their riches and the riches of Iagoth. The more money you pay, the longer you may be reanimated, and that money is recycled back into the country.

In Evertomb, lives Mothros, Undead Black Elder Dragon. During the rift, he was the most magically powerful dragon, and still is despite his death. Through his own magic, he has reanimated himself to rule over the vast wealth of Iagoth. His magic is what fuels the undead syndicate of the country. While publicly all other countries disavow any involvement in his scheme, the flow of bodies for both mindless and mindful resurrection has only increased steadily over time.

Shattered Peaks: Desolate Mountains and Underground Tunnels
Capital: Chern
Dragon: Drokkar
The Shattered Peaks are a vast range of mountains that existed originally when the rift occurred. The spawn of dragons into the world released such a great explosion of magic that the mountains themselves were laced with magic, ripping the single mountain range apart into three shattered pieces, and raising a spray of islands into the distance sea (settled now as the united isles). Though the dragons no longer fight above their raw peaks, the scars of magic still burn in veins of glowing mana-stone within the mountains. Many have mined the stone for their powerful magical attributes, but few dare brave the main concentration of stone at the center of the original explosion. Mountains still suddenly shift and overturn for no obvious reason, and only the hardiest of Gnomes, Dwarves and other underground creatures dare to live persistently there. The constantly shifting mountains also leaks magical essence into the surrounding lands - the woods and the plains and water all receiving their unfair share of enrichment.

This of course is made worse by the presence of the Elder Dragon Drokkar, the Crimson Dragon. He is the most physically powerful and feral of the dragons. Like a traditional dragon, he laid claim to the most valuable piece of land, the mana-stone laced shattered peaks. Many other smaller dragons and drakes populate the region, allowed only because Drokkar is a cannibal. His days are spent constantly burning back the encroaching forests of Wirewood that creep up the sides of his mountains. Though his motives are purely primal, it is agreed that he serves a vital role of maintaining the borders between Leona and Wirewood.

Wirewood: Unshackled Nature
Capital:- Livenwild
Dragon: "The Hundroog"?
While there are still forested areas dotted around the land, this region is more of an unclaimed and mainly unexplored region rather than a country. A large handful of elves, lizardmen, dragonborn, and woodland creatures make this there home in various tribes. The leakage of magic from the nearby Shattered Peaks, and rich runoff from the undead cities of Iagoth makes for a very strong fertilizer. The trees will literally fight you should you pose a threat to them. Enormous creatures of prehistoric proportions roam freely among the trees, either worshiped, or given a wide birth by the local population. Only recently has trade begun with some of the other countries. Many tribes disdain the undead cycle of business in Iagoth, as they believe this disrupt the usual life and death cycle.

Somewhere within Wirewood roams 'The Hundroog'. It is a massive creature, covered in moss that many suspect may be a Green Dragon, but the elves and other beings of Wirewood have been very closed-mouthed about this. All that is known from the outside world is that this huge god-like being is at the very top of the food chain, sometimes accepting sacrifices and gifts, sometimes rejecting them and going on rampage. Only those in the closest spiritual circle have ever seen or witness this creature.

Leona: Land of Honor and Might
SunHome: Fortress of Order
Venova: Benevolent Pacifist
During the rift, this enormous stretch of land was home to the cat-like Leonin race of creatures. On the plains the long-bladed grass, tipped with sharp natural iron, served as a deterrent enough to the dragons to stop any major attacks. However, they were sitting ducks for magic and fire-breathing attacks until Venova, Ancient White Dragon of Protection, chose to intervene, siding with the Leonin to defend the plains against intruders. To this day, Leona remains the most powerful military nation, often fielding mercenaries for other countries to hire.

Venova still remains as the Dragon of this nation. She is one of the more peaceful dragons, least warlike, and most cooperative. Her powerful healing magic has made the Leonin tribes the most powerful military force in Tarris.

United Isles - Assembly – Indrix
The United Isles were formed during the rift events, where spikes of magic erupted from under the sea bed to form the scatter of islands. While initially some islands were just fishermen islands, their convenient geographical location, soon made hosting trade far more lucrative. As such, the islands soon became trade islands where denizens of all other nations come to do commerce on relatively neutral ground. The sea routes for trade also became 'protected' pathways for shipping vessels, or the vessels which paid the most protection fee. While on the outside the United Isles are a free-trade confederation, under this barely held guise, it is a trade hub for information, secrets, and lies.

At the center of this web sits Indrix, Blue dragon of the Sea. He is the most cunning of the five major dragons, ingraining his business so deeply in the fates of all other nations that none dare risk his deposition. The Inhabitants of the United Isles are mainly humans, Aviary (bird folk), and Islanders.

CHARACTERS
Keanu OHNEKANUS - Mercinary (former soldier Lieutenant)
The elder Ohnekanus sibling.  6'3 205 pounds pure muscle and a former soldier. Hawaiian/Malibu surfer from the 90s. Brown eyes and black hair that comes down to just above shoulder length and have several battle scars, though none are on the face. He is a big bold charismatic individual, known in some military and mercenary circles.
Public good - saved his platoon against Leonin during a protection fight, captain died during fighting. However managed to rally troops and cause stalemate while keeping troops alive. Was offered promotion, but declined and wished to enter mercenary work. Is held in good esteem in the isles. Leonin would know about him, respect wise.
Private good - has good relations with senior merchant - by romance, but that was broken up.

Kenn OHNEKANUS Warlock - not public known (natural philosopher)
28 years old, 6'1", 195 lbs, tan skinned, black hair, brown eyes.I have a beard as well; I cut bodily hair by holding it in a bunch and cutting with a knife. I wear brown leather armor.
Public good - runs small school about marine wildlife - small place in house.
Private good - connections to mermaid as friend

Chiara  OHNEKANUS - Ranger (Wanderer of Wirewood)
Public good - picks herbs and plants for local healers (free) deeper into Wirewood than most
Private good - supplied Mayor herbs to keep his Syphilis at bay

Belle Ea - Tiefling Monk (Runaway Acolyte)
Belle Ea was raised in a monastery far from the bustle of civilization. She was sent there by her parents, who had disdained the Dragons' power in the land, and wished to raise their daughter in seclusion away from their influence. She remained there obediently and learned the martial arts and skills of the monastery. Her curious and intelligent mind only tolerated enforced house arrest for so long. The moment she turned 18, she decided to leave the monastery and seek out adventure in the world. On her birthday she vanished from her place by boarding a trade ship and stowing away to distant lands.
Public good - Wherever she goes, Belle has pushed through the prejudice, and managed to leave some blessing with those she helps. Despite not being a cleric or healer, she has raised the spirits of those around her by sheer will and personality.
Public bad - Being a Tiefling is hard, as many people who are unfamiliar with her mistrust her. If she does not get the chance to speak first, she is often dismissed as evil by nature.
