Chapter 10 - Flee from Flora

As dawn broke, the Lucky Skiff made port at the dwarven trade port of Consortium Val. Towards the east they could see the once  white cold stone mountains of the Shattered Peaks. Vast swathes of the rocky life-sides had been overrun with the dense green jungle. Amidst the climbing vines and twisted trunks, the remains of Leonin fortifications and outposts could be seen - jagged torn scraps and shreds, abandoned by the Leonin in their retreat from the tangle. Without Drokkar to burn back the growth, the forests of Wirewood were overrunning what defenses the Leonin could muster and the front line had been abandoned. The swell of the tangle, green and ominous, could be seen a good number of hours away, but inevitable and unstoppable. All around the town in the distance several plumes of smoke and dust marked the retreats of the Leonin platoons and they withdrew from the Shattered Peaks, racing back towards their home cities to prepare defenses.

The town itself was in frantic disarray. The very buildings were being disassembled with astonishing efficiency and speed reverse-flatpacked into carts and wagons for transport. Already the wooden palisades that outlined the borders had been taken down and loaded onto carts and wagons. As they walked down the road, entire houses were slowly dismantled before their eyes, vanishing into various containers, and transports.

In the center of the square, standing tall for a dwarf, was a powerfully built bald dwarf. His only clothing was a kilt held up by an enormous belt emblazoned with the head of a boar. Boarscar, the general leader of the town was rallying the dwaves to greater efforts. He informed the adventurers that the site was being abandoned, and they only had a few hours before the tangle was upon them. With their help, the dwarves managed to escape the encrouching tangle, escaping towards the razor grass plains.

The tangle had nearly caught up to the dwarves and overtaken them. Only through the ingenius driving and use of spell traps were they able to cramp all of their wagons into the narrow passage that lead through the razorgrass plains. The very nature of the metallic jagged shards of the razor grass hampered and halted the tangle then, though they knew it wouldn't be too long before even the natural defenses of Leona would be overwhelmed. The nation of Leona was officially under siege from Wirewood.

Finally safe for the time being, the adventurers embarked on a daring mission for their old friend Leoric Bronzetail and his mate Liara - to retrieve several lost artifacts from abandoned Leonin towns before the Tangle claimed the territories. Of three possibilities, they decided to retrieve gauntlets of Ogre Strength, and a mystery item.
