Chapter 2 - The Pride

Once released from custody of the Leonin, the Ironrite company bade farewell to the adventurers. They were traveling to their dwarven city in Leona to process the high quality manastone for weapons, while the lesser manastone was sent to Iagoth for potion making. Intrigued by the involvement of the dragonborn, the three adventurers decided to tag along with a Leonin military convey headed back to SunMane, Capital City of Leona and home of Venova the White Dragon. This path was chosen in favor of following Drokkar's body to Iagoth or investigating the encroaching vines of Wirewood. A halfing bard, Reginald Bullroarer decided to come with them, stating that his troop of haflings were slain by some Dragonborn and he sought revenge. The details of which were yet to be discovered.

Along the way, they learned the reason for the unnatural presence of Leonin in the Shattered Peaks. There was an attempt on Venova's life and several of the attackers wore Manastone Masks, as seen by the adventurers in the past. Leona had sent a preemptive invasion force to the Shattered Peaks in retaliation of the assumed assassination attempt. However, once they discovered the main culprit Drokkar was dead, the invasion became an investigation. The Quartermaster also interrogated the severed blue Dragonborn head, revealing information about a black tower, revenge and retribution, and preparing for deliverance.  The caravan was ambushed mid-day by a band of Gnolls but managed to slay the leading Shaman and scattering the rest. It transpired that the other caravans in their convoy had been attacked, sustaining a few Leonin casualties, and losing 3 wagons off the last caravan. Fortunately, their own caravan had not suffered any major losses. Due to this however, the Leonin forced a march through the night to reach SunHome.

At SunMane the items on the wagons were checked into custody by General Kaldren, the acting Commander of the guard at SunMane. He seemed surprised that an interrogation had taken place without his permission from the Quartermaster. Kenn, using clever messages, gleaned that the Quartermaster did not wish the General to know about the Black Tower, nor about 'retribution or deliverance'. Unfortunately, Keanu's friendly loose lips did spill a few details before he could be silenced. Despite this, the Leonin were accepting of the group's presence, and the adventurer's offering to investigate the tower. However, they did so on the condition that Leoric Bronzetail would accompany them.

For the night, the group rested at the Pride Inn, where Reginald managed to drum up some coin by performing a lively song. Keanu challenged a hill giant named Grahl, the janitor of the city to an arm-wrestling match. Through great struggle, he managed to defeat Grahl, but was gracious enough to buy him a drink. Grahl would remember this friendly competition warmly. The group noticed many plaques upon the upper rafters of the Inn grouped by tribe: Silverfangs, Greymanes, Goldclaws, and Bronzetails among them. Leoric explained that every Leonin is expected to perform a significant event in their lives, commemorated on these plaques. Many, but not all of these deeds had been achieved at the self-sacrifice of the Leonin in question. Kenn noticed that the Bronzetail plaques were sparse, and Leoric's goal in life was to gain honor for his slighted tribe.

The next morning the group managed to secure free passage to the island of the Black Tower. It was rumored to contain many magical enchantments and artifacts from the pre-draconic era, though all known attempts to enter and return have failed. Across the blackened island were many trails and footprints, but only one true path to the tower. The adventurers were able to traverse the land safely, though there was a little mishap surrounding entering the building, where Reginald accidentally pulled Kenn into an aura of confusion covering part of the building, but eventually managed to enter.

The Black Tower was thousands of years old, and resembled an old magical school with dilapidated desks, laboratories, and teaching rooms. In the center of the tower extending up to the top was a constantly revolving compendium of different magical items from pre-draconic times. All schools of magic were present, though Reginald noticed a lack of evocation magic. Some items were merely in storage, while others were locked within magical containment cages and clearly dangerous. in the process of investigating the ruins, they discovered a group of Dragonborn pillaging the artifacts. In particular, they were in the process of extracting two heavily armored and locked boxes. One of them was a red dragon-born. However, they were discovered, and battle as joined!
