Chapter 1 - The Fall

This adventure begins in the town of Nocturn on Ohnekanus Island , a neutral trading post on the southern edge of the United Islands. The town had been a small sleepy layover town between the nations for the past centuries until then. The Spear-point Mountain, once a narrow tall unremarkable mountain in the Shattered Peaks, toppled like a glacier. It capsized, and overturned entirely, shattering the spire onto the nearby slopes, revealing new tunnels and the gleam of Manastone. The colossal seismic activity triggered earthquakes across the continent, but more importantly triggering a mining rush to exploit the newly exposed manastone. With mining comes commerce, with commerce business, with business, intrigue, and with intrigue, danger. Local Dwarves and Gnomes jealously guarded their territory from intruders. Offshore companies sent in their brutes to claim fresh land, Leonin mercenary companies were hired on both sides to protect assets, and far below, the goblin and orc populations stirred with new tunnels allowing access to places unknown before.

Three siblings Keanu, Kenn, and Chiara Ohnekanus were natives of their Island trading post where they have lived with their mother. Their father was a traveling worker and they had not heard from him for at least 5 years, which was not unusual for traveling kin. Keanu, a retired soldier, had just returned from a mercenary post where his Captain suggested taking up a mercenary contract if he was interested in some extra gold. Chiara, the wandering ranger, had also returned from a recent herb forage, whilst the final sibling Kenn has maintained his magic shop, and taken care of their mother on the island. In need of more gold, and perhaps adventure, they decided to seek their fortune with the recent turn of events.

The three of them met up for a reunion drink at the Nocturn Tavern, where encountered a set of dwarves from the Ironrite Mining Company. The dwarves were looking for workers or security for their enterprise in the shattered peaks. A series of disappearance and attacks on their mining groups had made ready workers difficult to find. The siblings showed interest in the enterprise, against a group of dragonborn mercenaries who also vied for the position lead by a silver Dragonborn, Selesh.  Though the Dragonborn were impressive, the three were able to impress the dwarves with feat of skill shooting an arrow through an apple on Kenn's head. Drumlin, the leading dwarf of the enterprise hired them on the spot. The Dragonborn were disappointed but did not initially pursue the matter. Indeed, they were soon called out of the tavern by a tall silent red Dragonborn and departed.

Later that night, Chiara witnessed a brief naval dogfight between the dwarven Salt Bow ship, and a tall Galleon assumed to belong to the Dragonborn. Though smaller and slower, the Salt Bow was equipped with prototype cannons, and managed to fend off the larger vessel, causing it to flee. The next morning, the siblings boarded their ship, and traveled to the Shattered Peaks. While on the way, the dwarves revealed they had developed a Manastone detection scroll which they believed the Dragonborn were after. On whim, Keanu showed great interest in the engineering of the boat's steam machinery, allowing the dwarves a chance to teach and explain. By the end of it, the siblings were rewarded with an air gun capable of blowing out candles quietly.

The Glitterflow was the river that drained the eastern slopes of the Shattered Peaks and drew water towards the ocean. Its name came from the tiny flakes of manastone that bleed from the mountains. In the deep waters, it glittered and shone like millions of tiny stars, giving the river its name. On one side was the barren charred shores of the mountains, on the other side, was the vicarious vines and roots of the tangled Wirewood, constantly burned back by Drokkar to prevent natural invasion. On this particular day a myriad of tents were set up for various companies involved in mining. A wide variety of dwarves, gnomes, halflings, and dragonborn were present, with a good smattering of humans as well.

Upon arriving at their site, they met more dwarves from the Ironrite Mining Company. They were tired, grimy, and grimly sober.  When asked of the last night's events they produced a wooden mask infused with manastone as evidence for the attacking group. Apparently small creatures were swarming their mining groups, abducting workers and withdrawing into the shadows. Any attackers who were killed were immediately absorbed into the masks they wore, vanishing with a puff of fog. Only when the head was cut off an attacker did the mask remain. The next group of workers were a mining corps of 10 cheerful gnomes who were told they'll be in an abandoned tunnel with no major threats except rival miners. They were wrong. Briefly after finding a deposit of manastone they were attacked by a group of Kobolds who abducted two gnomes. Despite the group's best efforts, one of the gnomes were impaled in a ritual involving over 30 'attendees' on a large spike of Manastone. Near death, the gnome and spike both vanished, with the remainder of the attendees vanishing via teleport spells. The group did manage to catch up to and kill one robed acolyte, revealed to be a Dragonborn they encountered back in the Nocturn tavern. In addition, they rescued Talish the gnome leader. In return for saving his life, he turned a blind eye when the group helped themselves to small pieces of manastone from the haul.

Upon returning to the surface with their mined manastone, the group and the gnomes were suddenly taken into custody by the military police force of the Leonin. The High Dragon Drokkar was found slain on the new manastone peaks, his life-force drained down into the manastone. In response to this, the camps were swarmed with a large force of Leonin, sent from Leona intent on discovering what had happened. For the next 7 days, each of the three siblings were questioned closely, along with the gnomes, dwarves, and other companies present. Fortunately, with the right paperwork, the claim the Ironrite Company had was legitimate, even expanded slightly to include the ritual location. Unfortunately, the Leonin military took over the site after being shown the area. Magical barriers were set up all along their tunnel and all adjacent tunnels, bringing mining to a halt. The entire embankment where the mining companies were set up became a military lock-down. Several hundred soldiers were present along with many beasts of burden. Towards the end of the week, the investigation was beginning to wrap up revealing several key facts:

There were actually 8 ritual sites found, scattered along the mountain’s underground workings. Each had a similar formation of torches around a central platform. All of them were missing an obvious spike except for 2 which had been interrupted before the ritual could be completed. All were described in the same way: dozens of attendees, with a single crimson robes leader controlling the ceremony.

All the rituals happened approximately at the same exact time, coinciding with the time of death of Drokkar.
The ritual sites appeared to be located close to large deposits of manastone.

All in all, the Leonin suspected that the ritual was intended to collect life energy, and when two rituals were interrupted, emergency measures had been taken, resulting in the death of the Dragon. Leonin mages suspect Drokkar’s impressive life force more than compensated for the 2 missing lives, hence his body was leeched only of a little energy after death. With this information, the Leonin Captain lifted the house arrest order on the Ironrite and other companies. However, the claims connected to ritual sites were confiscated for further investigation. They were reassured that no one would gain access to the manastone. During this time Drumlin (after much arguing) would provide gold to each of the siblings for their week’s troubles.
