Chapter 13 - Seeds of Chaos

Upon returning to the outpost, the adventurers proudly showed off their newly acquired artifacts to Leoric and Liara, whom had also succeeded in their mission to retrieve the flask of ever-flowing water. The leonin party however did suffer casualties and injuries. The Tangle had brought made new enemies of ancient friends. Amoung the savage twisting veins and trees, the leonin had spotted and fought against roving groups of elves, their floral bodies twisted to incorperate the red manastone. Among these aberrations were seen the rare cultist in brown or red robes, often carrying a sack of unknown items. It was something to be investigated, but not by Leoric and his depleted forces.

Kenn offered a friendly wager - an arm wrestle challenge against Leoric, pitting several health potions against magical fist wraps that Belle could use. The newly buffed warlock easily beat the surprised Captain Leoric, but magnanimously gifted the two potions to the squadron to help heal their wounds. The Leonin had plans for these items which would come to fruition in a few weeks. The water jug itself was one of several sources of water deep under the dessert which supported life. They hoped that by removing these items, it would cause an engineered drought, pausing the advance of the Tangle (now named). The other artifacts no doubt would come in handy during their struggle, but for now, the adventurers were left to their own devices. A quick liason with Indrix shows no great progress with Mothros' attempts to reanimate Drokkar. As such, the adventurers decided to scout ahead into the Tangle in the hopes of finding out more of the cultists and the twisted elves. Keanu also hoped to find enemies worthy of the Emberhost's ultimatum.

A few days into their travel they encountered their first hostiles, a cultist accompanied by several elves. Any chances of an ambush were dashed though when Keanu (egged on by the Emberhost) charged headlong into the enemy. What looked initially like an easy fight quickly became perilous when the cultist sprouted a tree-blight creature from a tainted seed laced with manastone. It was a close fight, with belle being knocked out despite her new fist wraps. Despite eventually winning, it was a sign of the increased dangers ahead of them. With their wounds, the adventurers chose to sleep that night in the forest. However during their rest, they were awaken by the prickle of spears at their necks, and the glint of arrows among the bushes.
