Chapter 6 - Stowaway

Seeing the ship, they decided to make port a little further away. Reginald and Ken took a chance and approached the ship. It looked like it was on a re-supply run, with multiple crew members transporting wooden boxes and crates of food and materials. While Ken went invisible, Reginald conversed with a Green-skinned Dragonborn. The ship was merely taking in supplies, though was on route to the Assembly. Apparently in 3 days time there would be a meeting of all the leaders in the United Isles regarding the recent events of the world. It looked like the this ship was intending to be there for the event. Unfortunately, there was no sign of the large box taken from the Black Tower, and they were unable to penetrate into the cargo hold.

Keanu meanwhile asked around the local shops about the recent new ship sighting, and one of the blacksmiths, Burnbeard had noticed a tiefling roaming the island rather aimlessly. By coincidence, the horns of a tiefling were indeed spotted a little ways away, ineptly hiding behind a potted plant. This was Belle Ea, the wandering Tiefling Monk. She introduced herself as a traveler, whom had stowed away on the galleon ship, hoping to see adventure and explore the world. She wore the plain grey uniform of an initiate warrior monk, and had a Turtle amulet around her neck. Their meeting however was interrupted when a number of of other monks arrived, and attempted to abduct Belle. This did not go to plan, as the adventurers were able to fend them off, but not before discovering where their boat had been moored. With a little deception, the group managed to convince the gnomish boat owner, Zillbar, that Belle was part of the original group, and were to take off towards the Assembly, a 2 day trip. There was enough space on the ship, so there was no complaint from the navigator so long as he was paid.

The first part was uneventful, and the ship followed a popular trade route, where other ships and marine animals could be seen on the journey. However a storm quickly overtook the enclosed gnomish vessel, and they quickly found themselves battling the elements along with a dwarven fortress ship, the only one to stay the course with them. In the middle of the torrential storm, they suddenly collided with the Galleon, the waves pushing the two ships dangerously through the fog until it was too late to avoid contact. The Galleon was badly damaged, with the crew scurrying about to repair what they could to stop the ship from going down. Amidst the chaos, the adventurers split up to infiltrate the ship, as well as repair their own vessel.

Their ship fared relatively well, being repaired as fast as it was being damaged, however nothing of true interest was found during their foray on board the Galleon. With great skill, they managed to disengage from the floundering vessel, leaving it cripple and holed with several of its masts broken asunder. Only when the storm cleared and the skies brightened could they see they had survived storm along with their dwarven co-boat, riding into port at the Assembly.
