Chapter 7 - The Undertow

The United Isles' Assembly was like no other place on Tarris. The various large land masses had crystal akin to blue manastone, the native magical material of the plane. These scattered rock formations gave off a source of magic at a constant low level and had caused them to rise from the sea and levitate ponderously as sky islands. Through history, large tribes of bird-humanoids had made their home among these floating fortresses. With the arrival of the dragons, the largest of these island had been dragged together forming a sky city known collectively as the Assembly. Initially this was used as a defense against invaders, and then more recently as the collective meeting ground for commerce and community under the cunning and watchful eye of Indrix, the blue dragon. What started as a loose collection of primitive islands bound by rope bridges slowly grew into an intricate 3D network of connected by slides, stairs, long winding pathways, and magical water elevators. The entire formation resembled an intricately interwoven network of moving neurons, or the orbiting elements of a solar system or atom: a fitting tribute to the unfathomable brain of the Blue Dragon. For each nation and race rich enough to afford one, an island was set aside for their embassy. Thus floating among the islands were notable cultural landmarks, such as a Leonin Sun Temple, a Dwarven Fortress, a Human Embassy, an Aven Eerie, and Elf Arboretum, a Dragonborn Citadel, an Undead Crypt, and several others. Through the middle of the Assembly from base to the highest point was an enormous magical fountain, bringing thousands of gallons of water to the very peak, to then cascade through each island, providing water and beauty to all. None of the adventurers had ever been to the Assembly, and it was a sight to behold.

Upon being granted entry by one of the Aven gate keepers, they made their way to the Human Embassy, an opulant mansion purched atop a large island off the the side of of the orbiting land masses. There they were greeted by Alistair Fathom, the human diplomat. Upon explaining their mission, Alistair sent messages to several contacts, alerting them to look out for a damaged Galleon. He introduced them to their library in the embassy. While exploring, a keen eyed Chiara noticed several small stone dragon statues dotting the embassy. Some of them were moving. and keeping watch over the visitors. Alistair explained, these were Indrix's eyes and ears, where he could see everywhere and hear everything. In curiosity, Chiara tried 'catching' one of the dragons while it was moving. However it resisted, causing her a fatigue felt deep in her bones.

Meanwhile, the other adventurers had found a set of scrolls that depicted in great detail the origins of the mask, the staff, and the obsidian shards or rods. In short, the rods drained life essence from nearby death, and transferred it to the mask, making the wearer stronger. Any new deaths around him would also make him stronger, more so if the killing blow was dealt by the rod itself. Other masks could be used to augment this power. Meanwhile the staff was made to forcefully drain the rods of their stored energy, and if used on the mask to release all stored power within it. Upon relaying this to one of the watching dragons in the lobby, they were gifted an admission token - admit 5, to the Assembly to be held the next day.

To pass time, the adventurers went to the market, where they were met by the eye-watering prices for a bag of holding, well over 2500 gold, something they wished to use to conceal the rods when entering the Assembly. The lot of them couldn't afford even a fraction of the price of any items. However rather than declining their custom, the shop owner made them an offer. The sewage pipes beneath the market quarter had been mysteriously blocked. For every market stall they could unblock, they could likely earn anywhere from 250-500 gold. With nothing else to do, they eagerly agreed.

The sewer levels were divided into the intake and output levels. The first level was the intake system, a veritable network of metal pipes, valves, gauges, boilers, steam vents, and gears (steampunk much!). Gnomes and Dwarves ran back and forth in this level, where everything was hut, steamy, clean, and illuminated with blue and red lights. One of the dwarves mentioned the lower levels of sewage were constantly clogged and infested with vermin. Indeed as they made their way to the second level, the normal ledges which would run above the middle sewer channel were flooded with refuse and debris. All along the sewer system were sets of levers, presumed to be connected to the market stalls overhead. One or two levels initially released  a further backlog of refuse, but this did nothing for the main flooded passageway.

Seeking a global solution, the adventurers ventured further around the main tunnel eventually reaching the pooled outflow point, where they discovered the exit to be blocked purposefully with planks, debris, and other rubble. Fending off a goblin defense party and a wayward water elemental, they group managed to unblock the exit, causing the deluge of sew water to rush out, draining the chamber in a matter of moments. In the chaos of battle and toil however, one of their number, the new companion Belle was swept off her feet, pulled down into the sew pipe and beyond reach...
