Chapter 12 - Undermined

In the aftermath of their adventure, Keanu began hearing a peculiar voice from the helmet. Self-titled the 'Emberhost' it claimed to be an ancient entity of great magical power which could provide great aid and strength to its host, at the cost of requiring death and destruction. Being a soldier used to the warring life and eager to see what it could do, Keanu promised to uphold his end of the bargain in exchange for it's aid. For the time being however, the helmet fused into his current helmet, cementing it's place on his head. Only a worthy humanoid would provide useful for the helmet however.

With a little more time on their hands while traveling they examined the items they had retrieved. Of interest, the tower shield in Belle's possession was an enormous metal/stone creation, hewed almost from solid bedrock, and layered through with dark metals. Its outside face was written all over with various primitive languages, many of which they did not understand, though they did recognize rudimentary runes, and the basis of celestial script. Until they had it properly appraised by an archivist, its secrets would remain largely unknown.

The next location on their map took them to an enormous tower of earth and rock, built haphazardly in the middle of the razor-grass planes. The mound belonged to titanic termites who inhabited and controlled the local territory, dotted occasionally around Tarris. Though it looked initially deserted, Kenn trialed his new penetrating gaze spell he had been working on. Partially completed, the spell gave him a dizzying array of motion detected under the ground beyond his spell could detect. Needless to say, the apparently deserted mound was teaming with life, and among the writhing colony was a single point of magical interest far below them.

Through great cunning, the four of them ambushed a worker and dissected its armor to disguise themselves for entrance into the mound. Everything was going well initially, with Kenn's familiar mapping out the darkened tunnels until they eventually found the queens' chamber. Two such queens, constantly producing eggs lay besides a glowing termite statue, with numerous guards and soldiers patrolling the corridors. Being the most agile and stealthy, Reginald opted to sneak into the chamber, dodging and avoiding the skittering beasts, and finally laying hands on the idol. It however, took him a long time to achieve this, costing the adventurers time, and more than one close call at detection. At this time, the Emberhelm began acting up, glowing and flashing as it demanded blood and glory. It's flickering light was beginning to attract the soldier termites' attention towards them. Keanu managed to quiet the helmet down but with a dire warning time frame of just 24 hours to achieve the next kill.

A hasty escape later, and the four adventurers were on their way back to the outpost with their prizes - Gauntlets of Ogre Strength, The Emberhelm, a Primal Tower Shield, and an unusual Termite Idol. Behind them, though, the termites followed the adventurers, seemingly unwilling to part ways with their idol. A thousand strong initially, their numbers dwindled down till they could not see them among the razor grass, but undoubtedly they were there.
