Chapter 4 - In the Footsteps of Giants

As Chiara emerged from the pit with her new companion, she came face to face with a young elven woman healing the elven champion while scolding him at the same time. This was Alethea, the middle of three princesses of pure lineage in Livenwild. Unlike her brethren, she had retained her pure white skin and green limbs through limited contact with the outside world and lands. Elves generally gained their distinctive physical characteristics through exploring other lands outside Wirewood. Mountainous territory yielded strong thorny bark, a hardy constitution, and a passionate temper. Plains an fields granted lighter longer legs and feathery arms for limited flight, along with lofty aspirations. Islands and coastal regions provided flippers, fins, gills, and a finesse for intellectual trickery. No one knew however what effect the dead lands of Iagoth would do to an elf however.

At the ceremony of celebration, Chiara was crowned Champion of the games alongside an elf named Hassador, who had won the Relay competition. For her reward, she elected to travel to the eastern edge of Wirewood, with Alethea as their guide. They were to leave the next morning, and decided to enjoy the evening at the beer tent. The evening was filled with general festivities, and the adventurers managed to restock their equipment before sleeping under the stars that night alongside the elves, who had no fixed abode, but rather shared the whole forest as a home.

Early dawn, just before sunrise, the Adventurers with Alethea and Leroic left Livenwild, heading eastwards through the tangled jungle towards east border of Wirewood and the land of the undead. Along the way, they elected to take the northern path, crossing near the Silver Dragonborn tribe in favor of the deep swamps of the southern path. Along the way, they managed to evade a herd of rhinocroc beasts fleeing an enormous creature. It parted the trees like a ship parting water, toppling trunks and crushing foliage in its wake. This creature was easily larger than Venova, White Dragon of Leona. From what the adventurers could see, it had six trunk like legs, with a head region with no discernible features. Its body was hidden under a tangle of vine growth that spread across its back, a veritable forest ecosystem on its enormous bulk.

Initially there were no border guards, or boundaries to indicate where one country ended, and the next began. Rather, the land itself changed. The lively and animated tangle of jungle gave way to and equally tangled but faded forest of ancient trees. Each one was likely a thousand years old, preserved in death by the magic of the land itself. Birds still flew in scattered flocks in the air, but no sounds were heard in the stillness. The lush green forest floor gave way to brittle and unnaturally pristine shrubbery, where not a single piece of organic debris lay on the emerging dust path. Any piece of grass tread upon crumbled underfoot and swiftly reassembled with necromancer magic - a grotesque parody of the vivid life of Wirewood. There were no animals about, no active wildlife. Just silence.

Half a day's march on, they encountered their first signs of civilization: Site 319,Scroll Town. The city was crawling with mindless undead, various skeletons with clean pristine bones hauling materials, building constructs, and performing menial labor tasks. These were of all sorts of species: dwarf, human, giant, beast, merfolk, and others. Among them however were a number of mindful undead... beings whom possessed riches or purpose enough to be reanimated with their minds intact, maintained by magic set in a mind-gem on their foreheads. Unlike the mindless, these rich clients were pristine with not a single sign of decay on their bodies. Threads of gold and silk hung from their bodies, or perhaps gleaming armor with the crests of long forgotten nations.

One in particular caught their eye: a venerable dwarf with a triple braided white beard wearing embroidered silver and blue robes of the Ironrite Mining Company. This was Arthrus, the Scrollmaster. It had been well over 1000 years since his death, but his accumulated knowledge was too precious to let simply die. Thus the Ironrite company had paid the princely sum of 1000 gold per month to keep him alive and working. He was very receptive to their visit, pointing the way to the main city of Evertomb, where the adventurers could likely find a place to secrete their items. He even gave them a few scrolls to aid them on their way. With thanks, the adventurers proceeded to Evertomb, Capital City of the Undead.
