Chapter 8 - Birds of a Feather

Swept underwater and away from her friends, Belle found herself rushing down the now unrestrained sewage pipes of the Assembly, along with the pent up flotsam and jetsam of the city's market district. Through sheer willpower and luck, she managed to clamber onto a board and ride the deluge towards the outlet. The outlet emptied out into the ocean in a waterfall that fell hundreds of feet from the underside of the island. Bracing herself, Belle leapt from the board at the last moment, reaching out to grab one of the many cables that wreathed the many blue manastone crystals that held the island aloft. Zip-lining along it's length, she found herself at another tunnel entrance to a different part of the island.

These tunnels were much older than the sewers, cut from the raw stone of the island. Several torches lit the way along the passages until she encountered a hidden set of rooms, where it seemed an underground resistance was entrenched. There she found several goblins, along with a black crow Aven leading the movement. She was a middle aged gaunt raven, with one eye milky white and blind. She wore darkened and dulled leather armour, with a belt of luminous yellow-green liquid vials across her chest. She moved with quiet confidence and absolute silence. Though the goblins yammered and raved about the intruder, they differed to the calm wisdom of the elder Rook.

This was Kehaka, the Black Rook of the Assembly. She explained to Belle (and later to the other adventurers), that she was the leader of perhaps the last tribe of Blackfeathers in the Assembly. They were the original Feather that had inhabited the islands of the assembly for thousands of years before the draconic invasion. However with the arrival of the dragons, more war-like birds began taking over the islands for military purposes. The rooks and ravens were pushed out of their ancestral homes one by one, forced to flee to the four winds, or perish under subjugation. Kehaka and her flock were one of the last to remain in the Assembly. Their conversation was interrupted however, with the arrival of a force of falcon soldiers, who had discovered the location of the roost.

Meanwhile, the remaining adventurers began searching as best as they could for Belle. They got as far as the outlet, but couldn't find a way forwards. Retracing their steps however, they tramped through a separate series of tunnels until they too found an appropriate passage towards the melee. With the adventurers help the falcon force was defeated, and Belle was reunited with her traveling friends. Having repelled the security force, the current location of the Blackfeathers remained a secret. Kehaka helped how she could, and requested if there were any spare cliff-side abodes free from the white-feather flock, then they would be grateful to hear about it. There was also an owl diplomat within the Assembly, who was sympathetic to their cause named Aurim. Perhaps they could speak with him. In return, they agreed to allow them to unblock the market stall sewage system, while leaving some of the other systems broken. Returning to the surface, they collected their borrowed bag of holding, along with a fair amount of coin (and a thankful spell of prestidigitation). Armed with these boons, the group were ready to enter the Assembly.
