Chapter 9 - Sunken Secrets

The next morning, the adventurers woke bright and early to attend the assembly. Accompanied by Alistair Fathom, they made their way to the central Colosseum-like arena where the assembly was to be gathered. Through magical means, the tall walls of opened to allow them to pass into the inner chamber. The arena was filled with hundreds of box seats, each one designed and customized for their individual occupants. All walks of life were represented for all categories. By nation, by race, by affiliation, even by personal attributes. As it happened, the adventurers were in the human box, with plus purple carpets and stone gold walls. Automaton servants created from the very material of the metal walls served meals. Other representatives were spotted among the boxes, including one for the Redscape Mercenary company, the Undead, and others. However the arena quickly hushed as the Assembly began. 

They reunited with Drumlin of the Ironrite Mining Cooperation who gave them an update of the situation at the Shattered Peaks. The Leonin tribes of Leona had begun establishing outposts and Garrisons across the mountain range in the name of peace-keeping and forest-fighting. They argued that the land needed order and law - an end to the chaotic barter-market that previously ran the mountains. This worked for a little while until the wood elves arrived to enforce 'Nature's Decree' to allow the Wirewood to take over the mountains, arguing that a dragon-less land would be more suited to natural evolution. In the middle of it all, the Kobolds, Dwarves, and Goblins had begun to put aside their differences to create their own UnderRock Coalition. These natural enemies banded together in the face of the overbearing militant stance of the Leonin, and the savage wilderness of the Elves. A very uneasy three-way balance was precariously in place. The Leonin had better weapons and armor, being a fully military detachment. The UnderRock had the home advantage, knowing the layout of the land, and had the engineering of the dwarves, imagination of the goblins, and the  complete lack of self-preservation of the Kobolds. Lastly, the elves had the largest beasts and the seemingly endless power of the Wirewood behind them.

Without warning, the entire ring of seated boxes dropped through the island, landing with a tremendous splash in the water of the ocean below. It did not stop there however, as the tiered arena continued to sink. Water welled up from central depression, and cascaded over the side of the large bowl-like arena. The water level rose over their heads, preserving a small air-bubble for each box. Soon the sunlight of the bright day had weakened and vanished far above them to nothing, and the oppressive darkness of the deep ocean closed in. Only the lights of the boxes illuminated themselves and the endless blackness around them. As they all sank further, various fish and aquatic creatures passed through and over the arena, the lights of the boxes illuminating intricate ultraviolet patterns on their skin. Enormous turtles, Ponderous Whales, even a few Colossal Squid passed through. However all of the leviathans of the deep immediately fled with the arrival of Indrix, Blue Dragon of the Assembly. She was enormous, large enough to place her claws on the edges of the arena to gaze into the boxes. Her iridescent blue and silver scales shimmered with glowing patterns. Her wings and tails had adapted to aquatic life, being more like fins and flippers. Her eyes tracked independently like a chameleon, honing in on each and every person in the boxes. A faint glow emanated from one of the boxes, dark and purple. Without hesitation, the jaws of Indrix descending, devouring the dark flicker along with the one who held it - a harsh warning for those who would attempt to bring dark magic into the Assembly.

Settling in the center of the arena, Indrix held court, addressing all issues at once telepathically. Over a score of conversations were taking place, yet the blue dragon held them all with ease, only directing her eyes to the most pertinent people. Finally given leave to speak, the adventurers revealed the ebony stakes, and what they knew so far, and in turn, Indrix revealed what she knew of the stakes.

These were stakes which drew power through killing and draining the souls of the dead. The soul energy on Tarris had been used so far to add power to masks or fuel various magical rituals. One such example had been during the Unification Wars across Leona, a war which was inevitably lost by the masked faction. However, and more troubling, the stakes had been used on the original Draconic plane from whence Indrix had come from for a much greater and dangerous purpose. They had been used to build energy to open the rift from one plane to another. This magic would have been gathered by slowly killing off all free dragons, and chaining them to the will of an Eldritch God. Had the full power of the Draconic plane's souls been used, an unending tide of dark dragons and eldritch horrors would have flooded the Tarris plane. Fortunately, the extra magic from Tarris had opened the rift prematurely, allowing the resisting dragons to escape and prepare for 1500 years for the inevitable. Based on the story told to her by the adventurers, it would seem that some factions disdained the dragons, and welcomed the idea of an Extra-planar Eldritch God coming to Tarris to cleanse the plane, regardless of the cost.

The Adventurers suspected the Redscape Mercenaries, hoping to question them directly. Though their accusations were left unanswered, as secret message was left for them to meet at the Docks. They had also asked Indrix if she had sensed where the limping Redscape ship had been gone. Her vocal answer had been no, but later on they would find a secret set of coordinates left in their belongings, pointing to the middle of the ocean off the western border of the United Isles. Indrix also left them a companion - an energy-charged robot to obey their commands.

Down at the docks, they found the wounded and bandaged green Dragonborn, the first-mate on the galleon they had encountered in the ocean. He introduced himself as Dyer, promising information if given refuge. But before they could question him, they were attacked by several of his former shipmates. Luckily the adventurers were able to defeat them, allowing Dyer to escape with them to the local tavern. The local tavern was the 'Crossroads Inn', sporting many amenities aimed at as many cultures, species, and inclinations as possible. Safely within its confines, Dyer was able to give insight into what happened on the galleon, and the inner workings of the Redscape community.

He explained that the Redscape Mercenaries were an exclusive order of Dragonborn fighters, mages, and rogues, who worked for the highest bidder. Their organization was divided into 10 'seats', where each seat was held by a captain of a ship. Each seat represented a level of power, from the most powerful Captain of the 1st Seat, to the squalid Captain of the 10th seat. Each Captain could field and armada of several ships, but only the First seat could only command more than 3 ships. Each of these fleets acted as independent mercenary groups, with their own specialities. The various seats only joined forces during times of extreme threat to their piratical ways of life.

Dyer explained that his ship was the second ship of the 4th Seat - Captain Valaska. During the storm, the captain had attempted to use the staff to gain power and absorb the souls of his casualties. Having learned of the terrible dark nature Dyer and half the crew had attempted a mutiny, but failed, most of his friends thrown overboard or killed. Only 6 crew members in total had escaped including Dyer himself. Now he had made it to the Assembly, and was seeking employment, and shelter against the 4th Seat.

With Dyer as the their transport captain, the adventurers sailed to the secret coordinates, helped along by a wave of magical water to speed their way. A large dark vortex spiraling down into the depths lead to the ruined wreckage of the Redscape ship. The ocean floor was a teaming forest of coral and marine life with a large path of destruction running through it to the ship's wreck. A large radius of bleached dead coral surrounded the ship, and in the center of the swirling dead mass. The adventurers pondered  possible means of retrieving the staff, but their actions drew the attention of a large crustacean. The gargantuan creature fully occupied the adventurers, its tough carapace and multiple arms Fortunately, their automaton, now christened "Robert", managed to retrieve the staff, though it bleached his arm bone white. With so much blood in the water, it attracted the attention of other predators, sharks, squids, octopus, and more to the underwater melee. In the confusion the adventurers managed to haul themselves up to their ship. With their precious cargo on board, they decided to head to Leona.
