Chapter 5 - Under Lock and Quay

Evertomb was the industrial capital of Iagoth. The city was and endless crammed maze of steelworks, factories, and craft shops bustling with undead activity as they did not need to sleep. What space there would have been for houses were just endless rows of machinery. Hoards of mindless undead marched in droves to the forges and furnaces, where the fires of industry burned bright into the night. A perpetual static taste lingered in the mouth with the sheer saturation of magic in the air. The clang and clash of hammer and anvil cascaded in with the crackle of electricity and the roar of blazing fires.

At the Laboratory a squad of Leonin were already present, having delivered the body of Drokkar for reanimation. Drokkar's body itself was lying on its side in an enormous antechamber, with an mindful-undead Gnome fussing over the body (followed by his dutiful troop of mindless undead). It seemed Mothros had already attempted reanimation of Drokkar's body, yet the Manastone laced through his tissue resisted reanimation. Parts of the red dragon were reanimated into a dull crimson hue, yet other part still glowed with unnatural magenta energy. Unfortunately, without further research, the resurrection of Drokkar could not be completed. The laboratory scientist muttered something about a specific reagent that could help, but it could only be found in the sea north of Leona. It was a quest they would see to next after resolving their own.

Off to the side of the city was the Inn of Iagoth. Unlike other inns they had been to, this Inn had no food, or drink, or indeed beds. Only mindful undead were there, enjoying each other's company and playing games of chance. The only items of apparent sustenance were vials of precious resurrection magic, which flowed into the patron's gems, renewing their time as undead. The adventurers thankfully brought some of their own food, enough for a few days at least. Here however, they did meet Maria Karlov, a Death Knight of the Citadel. With persuasion, the adventurers convinced her of the importance of their task, and she agreed to aid them in finding a hiding place for their mask.

Maria Karlov was one in a long line of death nights, bound to service in Iagoth. Her name was her own, but Karlov was the passed down name of the last Death Knight to hold her position. As such, she inherited all of the responsibilities and benefits of being Karlov. One of those benefits were a set of vaults for safe-keeping in the Catacombs of Evertomb. The Catacombs were a set of ancient winding passages under Evertomb housing warriors and kings of the land previous to the Dragons' arrival. With Maria's permission, they descended into the endless Labyrinth, arriving at Maria's Vault. There they sought out and found a vault to store their Mask and Rods. They did however have to poke at each of the occupied vaults before managing to settle on their own vault - a Marine style vault, with a Whale as a guardian to their door. They were granted an amulet of the Whale, which would warn them if anyone attempted to open, enter, or transport their vault. At this point, Leoric had completed his quest to see the artefacts stored appropriately in a safe place. He charge complete, he parted ways with the group, choosing to remain with Liara and the Leonin currently guarding the body of Drokkar. He would eventually head back to Leona, likely to receive forgiveness for whatever transgression caused his demotion.

Now back to their original four members, the adventurers decided to sail home briefly and take stock. Perhaps they would seek out the mysterious coral reagent needed to combat the Manastone corruption in Drokkar's body. Taking passage on an Ironrite trade ship, they returned to Onekanus, their home island. However, upon arrival, they discovered a three-masted galleon sitting alongside the docks, the same massive galleon that they had seen in the mists of the Black Island.
