Chapter 3 - Ancient Woes

While the adventurers fought the dragonborn, two of their number escaped with the boxes. The melee was fierce and quick, with no quarter given or taken. When the adventurers finally downed the last dragonborn, they rested briefly before rushing out of the tower in pursuit of the remaining dragonborn. The trail led them north further across the island, where the tracks split. One set of tracks lead to the northern shore where they arrived just in time to see the dragonborn being hoisted aboard a large ship on a skiff with its precious cargo. The ship itself was an impressive three-mast galleon, complete with dragon-born visage emblazoned on the main sail, with red pennants flying on all masts. Fortunately, they were not seen, and the ship sailed off into the mists, carrying its prize away from the island.

Upon returning to the second set of tracks, they discovered the remaining box and dragonborn lost in the island's plains. Upon interrogation, the dragonborn revealed that he was merely a hired thief, paid to steal the box for the Redscape Mercenaries. While he proved successful as a lock pick, he was less successful at detecting traps, getting fried by a lightning trap set in the box itself. The trap exhausted its power toasting the dragonborn however, and the adventurers were able to retrieve the contents - an intricate ebony mask and 4 ebony rods. This new mask was enormous, large enough to fit a giant or bigger, and far more delicately carved than the crude petrified wood manastone masks they had seen previously. The resemblance however was remarkable, and they were sure they were related. The return to SunMane was uneventful, with the adventurers bent on discovering what the new mask was and what the rods were for.

The following night, Kenn had a vivid dream. He was at home on the Island sitting in his shop. The surroundings were familiar, with floating dream-like glyphs and sigils covering the floor and drifting in the air around him. The dream was one of calm and peace and power, gifted to him by his deep source. The sky was clear, and the waves calm. All was as it was meant to be. Then in the distance, it began. A slight hint of menace. A niggling feeling of unease. Rising from his seat, he walked out of his shop and towards the shore. All around him, the entire island glowed with his power. This was his familiar territory and home turf. Across out in the sea the sense of foreboding continued. There was a small speck initially growing larger and larger by the second, until the object became apparent. It was the obsidian mask, floating menacingly over the water. Around it was a myriad of foreign glyphs and runes, all glowing with a dark purple hue...power of a different source and nature.

From under the water rushed hundreds of tentacles and tendrils, racing towards the island. In response, the air and sands of the shores curled forwards, forming their own spikes and radiations, glowing blue and white. At the water’s edge the two opposing forces clashed, a huge tangled wall of tentacles and spikes growing rapidly as each sought to gain the upper hand. Cracks formed in many, and light bled through each wound, until the entire scene was a blaze of dazzling blue and purple lights. At the very climax where the wall looked close to shattering, Kenn awoke in a cold sweat.

The next day, the adventurers went to Leonin library to find out information about their unusual items. With the help of the archivist and librarian they were able to discover a scroll depicting the mask. It was during an ancient conflict before draconian times, where a 'Unifier' had sought to bring the lands of Leona under a single leader. The Leonin forces had resisted and killed one of the main generals during a key battle. That leader had worn the mask during battle and was an enormous giant-sized being. Thought details of names and places were vague, the scrolls did mention how the leader seemed to rise again and again after being struck down. Only upon removing the masks were they able to down the general and claim victory. In crude pictures, the general was seen to be wearing the mask, and also welding a large crooked staff. While the mask was said to drain life from others to sustain the wearer, the staff was said to distribute life collected to others. They surmised that the other box might have contained the staff. With such powerful artifacts uncovered, it was imperative to let the dragons know. At length, they managed to secure an audience with Venova.

Venova, the white dragon, was an impressive creature. Hundreds of feet tall, feathered, and calm. She radiated an aura of confidence, peace, and conviction. She was the healer of the Leonin people, and leader of Leona, constantly guarded by many bodyguards, as she herself was a pacifist. Living in the open-topped pyramid at the back of SunMane, she met the adventurers there for their audience. She confirmed the supposed nature of the mask, citing its emergence as an ominous sign. Only powerful magical beings could manipulate the mask, and the life force associated with it. Indeed, there must still have been plenty of life-force left in the mask and the staff combined. Enough to ignite a new war to rival the dragons. Such a powerful item could not remain among mortal hands. Venova suggested storing the mask in Iagoth, the land of the undead. Only in a place with no life force at all could such an artifact be truly inert. With a little magic, she was able to shrink down the mask slightly to make it portable, allowing Reginald to carry the mask. With her blessing, they left the next morning with their charge.

The journey through Leona was uneventful, however the Glitterflow River had changed drastically when they arrived on the eastern side of the Shattered Peaks. What was once a flowing beautiful wide deep river with flecks and glimmers of manastone was now a green tinged, vine and root choked marsh. The Wirewood forests had begun their invasion of the river, with trees and plants stretching their foliage across the watery expanse. The river, once deep enough to sail large ships through, was entirely filled with the creepers, making sailing impossible. Dwarves and Leonin were lining the riverbanks in packs armed with axes and spades, trying to keep back the actively growing vines. They were losing the battle however, and it was clear without Drokkar, the Wirewood would slowly claim the mountainside.

By this time, dusk had arrived, and the group decided to rest. During their sleep that night, Chiara found herself awake and staring across the river. Amidst the howls of the wolves, she spied a group of them lingering on the shore. With Reginald's help, she levitated across to the other side of the river and managed to captivate a wolf pup with a flute song. It stayed with her for a while before retreating into the woods with its parents.

Deeper into Wirewood, the adventurers were accosted by wood elves, who inquired whether they were here for the Elven Games. Seizing the moment, they claimed to indeed be here for the Elven games, and not simply passing through with an ancient and dangerous artifact.

Wood elves varied in appearance depending on outside influence. All were born in pure form with birch-white skin and light green hands and feet. As the elf progressed through life the influence of the terrain would shape their bodies into their adult forms. Mountains would create sharp and thorny skin with hardy rough bark. The sea would create kelp and sea-weed hair, and sometimes gills for underwater breathing. The plains would promote light hollow limbs for swift running, and sometimes feathery arms capable of limited flight. In this way, each elf would embark on a pilgrimage to whichever land he or she wished, in order to fully become an adult. Outwardly, all wood elves are encouraged to do so, promoting exploration, and bringing back knowledge from distant lands to help Wirewood.

The Ailethon Games were the elves’ most recent attempt to foster relations with the outside world, having been isolated for millennia. Here they hoped that outsiders might visit Livenwild and bring their influence to the elves for those too frail to make the journey outwards.

There were two main events: a relay sprint against time and luck to retrieve a baton set in the watery territory of an ancient serpent, and a combat arena against other contestants and wild savage animals brought in for the competition. Chiara opted for the latter, hoping to win passage through to the other side of Wirewood and into Iagoth, land of the Undead.

The arena competition was held in a large palisade enclosed pit, with three main competitors: Chiara, a Dwarven champion, and an Elven champion. The first set of animals were wild boars, three to match the champions, which were quickly dispatched. The next were two large Sapien Apes, with which the champions had slightly more difficulty. While the battle raged on, Keanu spotted mischief occurring in the elven supporters, and quickly went to investigate. With Reginal’s help they managed to cause enough chaos in the ranks to disrupt any cheating attempts. Kenn meanwhile had discovered elven Honey Mead, and was in a drunken stupor, missing much of the action

While the Apes were still combating the champions, the last group of animals was a pack of wolves. By chance, Chiara spotted the young pup she had met earlier in the day. With a great deal of luck and skill, she managed to defeat the remaining animals and champions while sparing the pup and one of its parents. Unfortunately the other parent was killed at the hands of the apes. The pup however, did bond with her, granting her a lasting companionship.
