Bird shows up, gives Geff Althion's letter, and disappears.

Eren checks the written records in Sigirroeth to see how fast deterioration happens, establishes that infection is obvious when it happens.

Effy magically detects disease to see that the party is not infected. Effy tries lesser restoration, but doesn't work; figures that afflicted must be willing to be healed.

Eren finds a record of a tentacly whale creature, before the infection starts.

Effy uses sending to communicate with Yaridian, who says to go south and find a sinkhole.

Snooze.

Put on the caps of deep water and head south, find a sinkhole. See skyscraper-looking intelligently-made structures. After a while, a whale-like tentacly creature moves from one structure to another.

Head back to Merennora. They relay the information to a Merennoran doctor.

Head to Akola. Attend Hilari's concert.

Geff uses suggest to pass border patrol. Find a main village and go to main building. Talk to leader. Egg asks what they do for fun, they say hunt deer. They attend a hunting party. Egg shoot two deer at once and impress huntress Xea. They eat a deer together.

Eren notices that the drugs dealers are a distinct human subrace from the Akolans and Doshkans. They pass without a trace to track a drug dealer back to a cave. Talking with one of them, they are told a mage guild is benefiting from the war, taking children.

They go to the wizard tower. Suggest to get a tour, but the other 3 aren't tricked. Egg takes a surprise action surge.

Thunderwave, 16 dmg, wiz 3 and 4 save.
Force cube 4.

wiz 1 30 
wiz 2 30 14 0
wiz 3 30 22 2 0
wiz 4 30 22 2 0

initiative:
effy 19
geff 17
wizzes & shield guardian 14
eren 12
egg 1

effy cast guardian of faith on wiz2,3,4
wiz 2 down

geff casts shatter on wiz3,4

they continue the tour, see bottom and top
when tour ends, suggestion completes, egg does 2 dmg to wiz1, geff does 8 dmg & causes wiz1 to run away
	opp attks:
		egg 5 (23)
		geff 12 (11)
	eren makes black bears and they eat him
	effy does sacred flame

eren buries the children
